# One Incorrect Solution And One Correct Solution
There are two solutions to this answer; an incorrect one and a correct one.  The incorrect solution would be to create seperate projects for each project type, duplicating hte game code across each project.  Whiel this *technically* would work, it would very quickly become an absolute nightmare to manage.  Imagine you want your game to be on Windows, Mac, and Linux using the Cross Platform Desktop Project template, as well as Android and iOS using their respective project emplates. This means three seperate projects that you'll have to ensure that all of the code is the same between.  Found a bug?  Makre sure you copy/paste the fix between all three projects.  This solution leads to more work and a code base that is fragmented and harder to manage.

The second, and correct, solution is to utilize the **MonoGame Shared Project** template.  This is that template that you may have noticed is an available one to select, but never used or knew how to use.  Using a shared project allows us to develop all of code for our game in one central project that is then, you guessed it, shared to each individual project type.  In the example above with the three projects, each of them would still exist seperately, but they would all reference the same single shared project code.  

This is the solution we are going to cover in this tutorial.  We'll go over everything from setting up the shared project, to adding multiple platform projects to the solution, using one central Content Pipeline Tool for all projects, and finally building each individual project and testing them.